to receive the Lord's Supper.
Amen.
so that as I'm in time, they get by the school here, and we're inviting the community, who so will you, let it come.
Bless you.
We have classes for all ages, so we invite you to come and share some come.
Just all the classes, but you're welcome to share with the recreation and with the arts and crafts.
and share with you most.
strikes his people to come to him.
Return to him.
Not just in form, not just in appearance, but in heart.
And I think as he calls to the people of God a thing, he's called to the people of God a man.
Not for transaction, not to sit down at the table and feel weak
We can, we can, maybe we can pray this more regularly if you can open up, no, not for trash.
But for trash for me, we have to get you changed.
He wants to change.
And he invites, he messes us with this invitation and invitation to redemption.
And he simply uses the word,
Over and over the Bible, we read that word come, that invitation to come, which means you cannot stay where you are and give what you need to be without pulling forth some effort.
So there ought to be an appeal to part, mind, and body and soul.
That's what the Bible calls on us, the worship of God, with all that we are.
And he appeals us to come.
Come be reconciled, you would say.
The closer you give it to the fire, the warmer you will be.
And so it was on the state at a safe distance from God.
We want to stay close enough for Him to save us, but not too close that He changed.
But the whole idea is transformation over relationships.
Being satisfied until He changed.
And you are not the saddest guy until you change it.
Over and over again, the invitation is extended to us to come, not stay in the shapegory, not stay waddling in the bed and the mire, but come, come move up the jeans, come to Christ, come to dawn, why don't you have time?
He says, come.
And then he says, now, what surprises for the sense of urgency?
If come is a matter of necessity, then come now is a matter of urgency.
And if we're in the condition that we need, if our transactions have left us, all in water we can handle, they are make us want to give to her and run to this room.
and run a phone at his feet.
He says, if you're willing to obey me right there in the world, if you're willing to obey me, and if you're willing to heed my call, come now.
Don't put off tomorrow.
What you can do today?
You messed up.
You tore it up from before.
Your sins are a scar.
But if you come now,
I can make them white as snow.
Yes, sir.
The sin of dark and drips of direct Christmas.
But if you come now, I can make them white as wool.
That the invitation is to come.
Even though you've been mistreating the world and the art, he says you've been gone.
Even though you've been trapped in my laws under your feet.
The invitation is to come.
and to come down with a sense of urgency, we are repenting.
The idea of repent is a military expression.
It means to make and of our face.
When we look at exercise, when we look at the culture we live in, we know the direction is going in.
But the tragedy is when you look at the church, it seems to be over the way
And so we come to the law saying about it.
It means to turn around.
It means to turn in front.
But when you turn in front, turn in two, it's not just enough to put up the do not sign.
You got to put up some do sign.
Because then as much as we don't need to do something, we also need to do something.
Some of us
There is a faith in sin in our hearts.
We've tried to tell the devil no, but we still won't tell God yet.
And if he's a vacuum and a faith in sin, we don't know who's really in charge.
But if you're meant in our faith, now, don't wait, because life's silent tomorrow, judgment is on the mind.
the whole world.
I'm not even talking about Galveston Island.
I'm not even talking about your neighborhood.
I'm just saying, you don't know how long you gonna be here.
So they got to do not.
And then they said, let's reason to care.
In other words, he wants to tell us I'm
come to me.
Because I'm the one who has picked you up and who has turned you around.
You already didn't know her, it comes to me.
Because even a doctor knows who these are.
I don't want to hear what I'm saying.
I don't know why.
And still we're wondering about how we're happy.
Tell me a little bit about your hand happy.
There was all my time.
I don't know where I am.
How do you tolerate it?
How do you put it?
How do you even put it?